Erik errand boy - Episode 01 - The Wedding

    You are a mere errand boy in the castle, just trying to
survive a harsh existence.

Actions:
    pick up and place objects
    alter messages
    speak to people
    open doors
    
Restrictions:
    Erik is not violent (yet - maybe in later episodes) so no combat
    No moving boxes around



Errands Erik might be given:
    transfer messages between people
    get information from people
    buy supplies from the store
    fetch items from storage
    deliver items to a location or to a person
    convince someone else to do something
    lead someone from one place to another

Concrete:
    girl wants erik to get her some food from the kitchen
    supposed to introduce new workers to their jobs
        list of tasks and descriptions of the incoming workers
        match tasks to workers
        tell them discrete tasks out of similar choices: "make the candles fat" vs "make the candles thin"
    rearranging the wineskins when the seating arrangement changes
    fetching more wine from the deep cellar
        have to deal with the rats




The game is going to take place outside the castle in the market square. 
Erik is a street rat tasked with amassing wealth for his overlord since 
so many people are in town as the wedding looms. People are also fleeing 
fearing the coming war. There is a lot of uncertainty in the air, and the 
king's resolve is not really trusted to handle the situation. You will 
be solving various quests for people in town to receive items, picking 
pockets and trading the rewards for cash or other items.

Game Ending:
Through trading, questing, and eavesdropping; you should find a clue
that a spy from the enemy has a plan to sneak into the castle. 

The game ends when either you get caught thieving, or you turn in your
quota of loot to the boss. In the second case, the gang is still caught - 
but the boss flees leaving you to take the rap.

In prison you bargain for your freedom using the information on the spy,
and are set to work as an errand boy in the castle - also to look out for
any evidence of the spy's handiwork. Which will be game 2.

Another option: you are trying to escape the boss, and not happy with
thieving for a living. You hear that they are looking for more help
in the castle and trying to get a job there. The game ends when you
successfully escape the boss and make it inside.